[Music]
Luciano, of having sexual parties with
minors.  No, you told me you didn't
say that.  You said when asked,
"I wouldn't be surprised."  "I have no doubts,"
he said.  We just installed air conditioning.  "I
have no doubts, man."  But he says,
"But God says that's not what he's
saying, really, right?"  And I'm not going
against you, Luciano.  I'm not going to go
against you in this video because you've been my
friend.  You have been a person I have
loved, you have been a person I
have cared for, you have been a person who has been
part of my closest circle
.  You say I have to uncover
everything, huh?  I'm going to talk about everything today,
absolutely everything, everything.  And you'll see
that when you said and threatened to kill me the other day
, that's another of
the crimes.  Okay, Juno, but I'm not
going to watch that today, king.  You're not sleeping today,
grandparents.  Dallas uploaded a response video.
I'm not going to watch that today.  Juno, when
you say that if something happens to your mother it's
my fault.  It's not my fault.  The
last words anyone heard me
say about you were that you were like a
brother.  I've already spoken with, let's see, today I've
been talking to Dala for a long, long
time, but I'll see, I'll see.  It's just that
things are piling up on me, man.  I wanted to see things
from the salsería too, but they keep
piling up, right?  That you were a bastard, a
son of a [ __ ], that you had behaved like
a bastard, but that you were like a brother
and that we would talk about it and that you had
nothing to do with the arrest.  Those
were my last words to you,
so I'm telling you publicly, don't
threaten to kill me ever again.  Delux,
take a vacation away from the internet.  How
disgusting.  No, unless it's a vacation.
Let's see, Delos is a cousin, I mean,
Delo is dumber than someone who can hit someone
with glass.  But you
can't just try to act like a
lickspittle or a snob, get involved in gossip
when you're a fool.  I mean, when you're
stupid, kid.  In case your mother is
upset or not.  If your mother is
upset, it's because you
're making a fool of yourself on
social media, because you're threatening,
because you're harassing, because you're
trying to humiliate, because you're
breaking all the boundaries of
trust in a friendship, because you
're reveling in other
people's pain.  So don't say that again
because it's not true and you know it and you
know it.  And I'm going to tell you everything today, but I'm not
going to tell you to give you [ __ ],
Luciano, or to say that the guy
in Miami is this, or that the other guy
is that.  No, because I think I owe
this to the people who are thinking,
damn, this, this, what's going on?  And it's very
dirty that you did this, because today
I'm going to have to open up some of the most
personal things I've ever had in my life.  And
you did this, R to
Token, what you did saying that
I put that in groups and such, you know it
's not true and you know where you
got that photo to make that video you're
talking about.  You know it, Red Token.  And you
'll have to prove it.  You'll have to
prove it because I didn't have that photo you had
.  I've never had that photo
or that video.  Never ever.  Those photos
that you deliberated, that they gave you, those
are from before I met that
person.  Someone took it from his
phone, theoretically.  Mother of God.
Man, Pepito.  Frank can sue
Chi in Thailand for honor.  Well, I don't
know the laws of Thailand, but
I think you can sue him for
many things.  I mean, look, look, they
put Fran in jail,
right?  48 hours for not having the papers
of an otter.  Theoretically I had never
seen that before.  Hey, stop bothering
people, R Token, people who don't
know you, stop bothering them.  Oh,
[ __ ], Dallas tweeted.   I'll
tell you later.  I'll tell you later.   I'll
tell you later.  Mexi vergas, you
exposed a photo of a dove, a
personal private photo.  I want to feel your
body.  Exactly.  They sent it to you.
You, without knowing a person, have
been rejoicing
over that photo they posted, eh, that
photo they posted as if the
photo was the big deal.  I mean, imagine.  No,
Trump, do it, do it, do it now.
Withrostin America.  It's going to happen, Giorgio,
without a doubt, but I don't know how you
think that, uh, uh, I don't know how you think that it can't, that
couldn't happen.  Of course
what you're saying is going to happen.  Of course it
's going to happen.  Um, you've been breaking
the most intimate part of a person.
That photo they published, right?  About that photo
of Paloma and another girl in the car
with Fran, right?  Being at a party, well,
at a party, no, being there for a day, right?
Taking whatever or doing
whatever.  Hey, about that photo you can believe
that the rumor reached me when
all the things that I told you about happened, I don't know
what, I don't know how much, the otter, the
capybara, the I don't know what, I don't know how much.   There was
talk about those photos, man.  But
also described as the photo is,
man.  Without knowing that person,
trying to hurt that person,
without knowing that person.  You've been
asking little questions to get
someone else to say that I was a
child sexual abuser, that I was
a woman abuser, that I hit
Paloma.  You've done all of that
with Laent too, who is the
only one, look, La with all that he can
be, he's the only one who has tried in
some way, although later he
screwed up, he didn't want to get involved in that,
but then he let it slip that I also
hit him pigeon and he's going to be sued for
that, eh?  Which by the way, not at all.  I
mean, what happens to that guy is that
then he goes around doing something moralistic,
pointing fingers at others, I don't know how much, and
then he joins Messi Berga and
defends Messi Berga, scandalized
by what I said to Messi Berga, right?
Careful.  And what you have done because of what I
told him and what I tell him, because of what I
told him and what I tell him.  It's very hard.  It's very hard
to be here, to see people
you love screwed up.  You've been
making fun of my children, my eldest son.
Chi tried to let slip something that not even
my children know, which I told him in
confidence.  Chi, I told you in
confidence.  I don't know what
this is.  I don't know, I don't know what Fran was referring to
here, honestly.  Come on, if I
knew, I obviously wouldn't say it, but I
just don't know.  about my daughter.  Not even my
kids know and you let it slip on a
live stream.  Not even my kids know and
you let it slip on a live stream.  You have broken
all decency on the
internet.  Many people considered you
heroes.  Have you unmasked Frank?
No, Frank is going to unmask himself today.  He's
going to be completely unmasked today.
Do you know how many views the one
who encouraged a
13-year-old girl to get into porn had?
Do you know how many visits he's had
per month now that they're harassing
Fran and with these leaks and
things like that?  That is, his channel has grown and
his channel has grown by 300%.  Your channel has grown
300% in the last
month, right?  It's managed to grow by
300%, which means 72,500 visits for
the entire month, huh?  72,500 visits for
approximately €40 you have done that.  Mother,
my mother.  But you have broken all
decency of the internet.  You are
internet terrorists because you have created terror.
My goodness, why have you tried to
humiliate, destroy, and vandalize the lives
of people who are not in
your life?  They'll complain about why no
one sees them and why they don't grow, right?
People who haven't told you and the 40
turkeys they've taken, what?  Done
absolutely nothing.  And if they have done to you,
they have done 0.5% of what you
have done.  And Luciano, I tried to
talk to you yesterday.  You have leaked a portion
of the chat.  You haven't leaked the part
where you say you're going to help in the
cases against me.  You
said that yesterday in the chat, that
you would help the causes that are
against me, that I should apologize to
Yuji.  Ah.  Ah.  That I asked you Well, I don't
know, fatty.  Sorry to you.  And we're going to go with
all of that.  I don't know.  But I'm telling you,
you caused all this, Luciano.
You have one chance to leave it there.
You leave it aside and I leave it
aside, but you've already started with
personal threats to my children, to me, to
Paloma and to everyone
around us.  There was a
meeting here today.  Here.  Javi Raed won't
pay you to have friends.  Let's see,
he has promised his new friends that he will
pay for whatever sentences they
give him.  Dalis Beiras, have you deleted a
tweet?  No, you deleted a tweet.  What
happened to you, Dalisira?  Have you deleted a
tweet?  What did I want to put here?   I
had it
open here because I got a tweet from him
saying, "Javi no, Javi definitely won't be
doing any live shows today."  Seriously, what a shame
, man.  You don't get tired, do you?  Chi, do
n't let me find out that my mother is
also upset.  Chi,
Frank's children, Paloma and Frank himself are
this and this other smile with horns.
Here, because you've been all over this
area.  There has been a meeting.
Everyone was asking about the green one.
Why did the green disappear
three days ago?  Who was here
four and three days ago?  Who?  There's been
a meeting here, I'm just telling you that.
Here, in front of my house, in front of
our sanctuary, in front of the place where
you were born.  You have been my
friend.  You've been like a little brother
to me.  When you didn't have a car, I gave you
a car, a pickup truck, and top-of-the-
range phones.  When your computer broke, I
bought you a new computer.  We created
trips so you could earn
extra money.  I never asked you for an account.  You
gave me what was left over, what was my due.   I
never asked you for an account.  I never asked you for an
account.  Never.  You've had all the
passwords to my computer, my
WhatsApp, my phones, everything.  You have
had access.  I've left you in my house
alone, in the sanctuary alone, with access to
all the computers, WhatsApp,
phones, whatever.  You're dedicated
to this.  You are dedicated to
computers.  I have never asked you for
accounts.  I have never asked you for accounts.
Never.  Luciano, you got angry a
long time ago.  I know it.  I sent you a message
from the anthill saying that the
closest people are the ones who
will betray you because you were doing
things that I didn't like and that click,
man, that click came to me on Twitter,
man.  It came up on Twitter, man.  Will I
find it?  No, complicated, isn't it?  Ah, it
came up on Twitter, man.  It came up on
Twitter, but no.  Let's see, I'll look for it
on the channel itself.  Mm, it was the last
visit.  No more TV, but now
you're on every social network there is
.  Fran Cuesta says he reveals his biggest
problem with friends.  And I don't
even remember what the word was.  I don't
even remember what the word was.  This is
this, I think.  Hey, this is it.  This is it, I
think.  Hey, come on, friends always
betray you, so to avoid
betraying yourself, the fewer people
around you, the better.
This was in 2023. Hey, but you've
told me twice about having few friends.  Don't
you like having friends?  No. You have No,
no, very few.  Very few.  Do you know what
happens?  Friends always betray you.
So, to avoid betraying yourself
, the fewer people around you, the better, you
know?  This is the wizard, right?  No, and
besides, what do you think? I don't go out, I don't
do anything, I don't... No, he doesn't do anything, says
the lazy guy.  Abi, you have the island of
temptations there.  I sent the message because I
believed that Luciano, the Luciano I have
loved so much as a friend, as a
brother, I believed that you would be the
same again.  You say that I have changed.
Surely we all change, but one
thing is clear.  I will never hurt you
on purpose.  Never.  I also
tell you, today is the last day I will
allow this.  Tomorrow things change and
it all depends on you.  It all depends
on you now, Luciano.  You're going to get the
biggest, get the biggest.  The
greatest.  I have not committed any crime
against you, against you.  But we
have already translated absolutely everything
you have said, everything you have written
in these weeks.  And believe me, there are 19
crimes.  There were 17. Yesterday there were two more.
The guy he does live shows with, I called
the guy he does
live shows with a pedophile now, okay?  And when I
called him a pedophile, he called me a
pedophile the next day, okay?  Javi
Oliveira, a bad father, would put his son
on the ISP Patreon and started saying that
I would put my daughter, eh, a
little girl, okay?  In a trio.  So
these are the people that
Chi is hanging out with now, okay?  And with whom he
is collaborating and with whom he
is trying to gain followers and
viewers and visibility.  The truth is you'll
wonder why people
aren't taking your side.  Man,
of course, my son, you're hanging
around with people who already have a
track record on the internet.  He gave me this title
on the live stream yesterday.  I think it
was yesterday, yesterday or the day before yesterday.  Eh,
of course, this isn't an
unfortunate comment from 2018, this is from
yesterday, this is now, a
pedophile comment.  I don't know how you see it, I
mean, I see it clearly, right?  In
fact, it's forbidden on YouTube to
sexualize minors, right?  It's forbidden,
it's against the rules.  I met
Luciano in prison, we met in
prison.  I was going to see the mother of
my children and a person, an
Argentine boy, approached me to say hello.  He was a fan.   His
name was Luciano.  A fan.  His name was
Luciano.  He was there for his reasons.
He had his wife in prison.  I don't know
exactly what the crime was.  It was something about
money, about scams, about I don't know what it
was.  I met him in prison.  Rubbing
creates affection.  We became friends,
we started doing things together.  He
accompanied me to do this, he recorded me
here.  A friend, a friend, little by little you
become more of a friend.  He spent Christmas
at home because he had nowhere to
spend Christmas.  He got divorced
after his wife got out of
prison, started another relationship, then
we continued our normal relationship, friends,
friendship, when there was something, hey, do
you want this?  came, did something.  I, he,
he said it, I gave him money, for
this, for this, for this.  He didn't
ask, but if he came to work, I
gave him money.  Until we came
to an agreement when we made the
sanctuary, when I made the sanctuary,
when I created the sanctuary, when I
built the sanctuary.  We came to an
agreement after a while that we
can make trips, such, he takes him, we
can make t-shirts.  The shirts
were 100% yours, Luciano.  The T-
shirt business was 100% yours.  I have never
received 1 € for the t-shirts.  it was all
yours.  30% of all
travel income was yours, and whatever was left
after expenses was mine.  As I
say, there have been fights, not fights,
normal things with friends.  Ah,
about a year ago, Luciano told me
that he wanted to do a project, he didn't
know if it was a cafe, or something like that, that he was going to
rent some land.  From the beginning,
Luciano, I told you it was foolish to have
the sanctuary and that this was going to
be for you, that this was going to
be for you, that this was going to be
for you.  That was the idea.   I
told you many times.  Many times you
repeated to me, "I want something for myself, something
for myself."  And I said, "Make yourself a coffee,
make yourself something like this."  How are you?  According to
him, he already had a sanctuary, huh?  That is,
he told me there that he had a
sanctuary.  I don't know if I can't tell you
the exact conversation because I don't
remember.  I mean, it's not like I paid
much attention to that, you know?  But according to
him, he was going, he was going to, he already had a
sanctuary, I mean, he was talking to me,
eh, I was with Chio there and he was
talking to me about his sanctuary.  No, I'm going to
make a sanctuary.  Yes, yes, it seemed
wrong to me, no, it seemed stupid to me because
having this sanctuary that was for you, it
was for you, you were going to carry this
sanctuary, you were going to carry it and you
knew it, but you wanted something of your own.  You
haven't bought land, Rulciano.  You
have not bought land.  You told me
that you rented some land.  You went there,
you made a recording, a walk,
something, you took two kids there to
do something, a walk.  You haven't
bought land, Luciano, you haven't
bought land.  You're saying you've
had the land for 2 years.  If you
had had the land for 2 years, you
would have put in at least, I don't know.  I don't
understand why he would leave the
shrine to Chi and his children, uh, let's see,
the children don't want to dedicate themselves to the
shrine, from what I understand,
okay?  As far as I understand, uh, the
children are interested in football.
Another thing is that they have the property, the
inheritance from the father that will be the
sanctuary, right?  But as for taking care of
the sanctuary or something, well, I understand
not, because as far as I know, he has
Spanish nationality and
intends to be Spanish and into football and
fox alike.  Now they've gone there
because the situation is like this and they want to
be with their father, okay?  But one thing
is what the property is and another thing
is the people who are in the sanctuary, which is
obviously not for everyone.
a tent, a pole, a
flag, a half fence, a rope, there
is nothing.  And so I kept thinking,
"This place is for you."  We talked
about how I met Luciano, how I
met you and how you wanted to do it. The
final plan for that place was that you would
set up your place now because you were already there
, that I would buy it and to
leave you, well, let him, let him
continue with his things. I told you, well,
when you set up the place, when you
set up the place, then let the people come
here, let them sleep at your place, let them
stay there and that's it.  At that moment
you were already talking badly about me to the
people who came here,
to the people who came to the
sanctuary.  You already spoke badly of me, you already
spoke badly in forums.  I have a lot
of aliases that curiously I don't know who they
belong to.  You've been
talking about how typical
multi-accounts are for a long time.  How typical is
multi-accounts, huh, family?  How
typical, eh, the multi-account thing.  And in
forums, in groups.  You say that
many people have contacted you.  Well, well,
you did very badly, Luciano.  You're
doing it very wrong, Luciano.  You're
getting into a very dark place.
I wanted to talk to you.  You wanted
me to humiliate myself.  I'm humiliating myself today
because I'm telling the most personal things,
things I shouldn't, but you're
forcing me.  Out of respect for the people, out of
respect for my family, out of respect for the
people I love, and out of no respect for
you, Luciano, and I'm having it with you.
Let's talk about La Roja.  The Reds had
a mishap, you know, there at the
goatherd's, okay?  that theoretically there
are many hawks here and many times the
parrots flee because the hawks are in
that area.  Let's see, uh, the story of the
red comes because Chi started to say,
where could I find that now, bro?
Where could I find that handy, man?
Click that has and continues saying
nonsense about truths and so on.  Look
where, how they put the prank if they
want their content in any video, I do
n't know what.  So literally what
he said.  Okay, without further ado,
let's see what he said, and he
says, "Blank Paloma when she
's dirtying you with everything and has
audios and videos of you that would freak
people out. The last thing I let you pass is
that you killed Roja."  These are
Chi's words, okay?  On this
canal tour that you've done, okay?  These are
Chi's words regarding the reason,
the excuse that he gives, okay?
Why he's attacking Fran, okay?  I mean,
we're talking about a person who, for
whatever reason, has spent 10 years seeing
that Fran was a big liar and a
big criminal, right?  Jeffre Eptin,
they said it was like the sanctuary of
temptations, right?  The sanctuary of
Jeffre Eptin.  Well, he's been quiet
for the 10 years she's been fighting
him, okay?  While you've been hanging
out with him, you haven't minded
everything Fran did, okay?  And all
of Fran's lies and all of
Fran's inventions.  And suddenly we
see him in this situation, right?, in which he
's contacting all the people with
diaphragm and all these things that are
happening, right?  So this is the
explanation that chi to have had
this sudden change of mind.  Okay,
pay attention to Chi's version and the
real version.  My favorite parrot.
Seriously, are you going to sell the idea that our anger
was over some t-shirts?  I don't care if it
's your last three henchmen
or that useless Paloma, the one who
spreads the word.  The only one who
could have given them my information
is you.  If anything leaked
by Twitter users comes out, it's because
you told it.  I mean, look at the punches in those
words, eh, about chi, eh, I mean, chi,
if anything leaks out it's
Fran's fault.  I mean, if I go out and say something
that I know, okay?, or that reaches me, it's
because of Fran.  If he says it, of course, the three
cases refer to me, Dallas or
Pablo, right?  I mean, I handle
information that Dallas doesn't,
Dallas handles information that
isn't what I handle and Pablo has, I
mean, each of us has our relationship
with Fran and such, but we're not one, I
mean, we're not a unit,
okay?  In fact, there are many times when
Dallas has
conversations with Fran that I don't know about
about things that I don't know about and vice versa,
okay?  But whatever Javi says is
Fran's fault, and whatever
anyone says on Twitter is
Fran's fault, according to Chi.  But if Mexi
publishes an intimate photo, who is to
blame?  Ch. Who's to blame for the
Venezuelan criminal also publishing an
intimate photo of a girl, eh, who isn't
currently in the media
?  Yes, tell me who
got that photo from all of a
sudden, where did the sheet
with papers and everything come from in the wig's account
?  Where does it come from?  How the hell did
the news that Frank
was arrested reach Spain if only I knew about it and
Sape knew about it?  No, no, no, no.  That was
all a coincidence because a lot of people hate
Fram.  I would continue to tell Plex,
Gref, and everyone that I was a
traitor and dirtying myself with everything
unnecessarily.  Paloma has audio recordings of you that
might freak people out, and sooner or
later everything will come out.  It's obvious.  For the
years we shared together you were like
my father, my brother, my friend, but you
lied to me all my life.  And although Paloma
will have many intimate audios of Fran.
Dep. Javi, are you going to work at the salseria later?   It
depends on what time we finish here.   It
depends on what time we finish here.  If
not, today, tomorrow.  I let you pass them
because I have codes.  You dirty me
from behind for free.  The only one I
let you get away with, the last one I let you get away with
is that you killed the red one, which is the
parrot that appears with me in the photo.
You killed my parrot.  You killed my parrot.
So, given this, what can be said about
this character?  Seriously, I mean, he
starts telling her that it was a
mental game, right?  You were like my father, my
brother, my friend.  Yes, but he betrayed you
and stabbed you in the back.   You
say that Fran is telling Plex,
Greev, that you are a bad person or that he is
tarnishing your image and so on.  I mean, do you
think your image needs
someone to tarnish it more than
you're already doing?  I mean, Chi, I really
know that you see Chi's image has been
tarnished by him now, I mean, and not even
now, man.  I mean, nobody knows who
Chi is.  Nobody knows who Chi is.  Not
even now.  If he wants to, he can
leave this right now and not harm himself any further.  Nobody
knows who Chi is.  I mean, if you, if I
bump into Chi right now in a
supermarket, I don't know who Chi is and I've
been with him for a week, well, a
week and another, I mean, nobody knows you,
Chi.  Nobody knows your name, nobody knows
anything about you.  I mean, you did this
because you wanted to be famous and you thought it
would turn out any other way.  I
mean, nobody, nobody is even going to
tarnish the image now.  But well, at the
time, before he came out
now, nobody was talking about chi,
nobody was saying anything about chi.  The
last thing Fran did publicly,
no matter what I thought, the last thing
Fran said, "Chí is like my brother,
not anymore, we'll sort things out."  Yes, Anica,
man, I do, but I mean
no, no, no, you don't know him, no, no.  He'll
change his hat right now and
change his handkerchief on his face and and and no and
that's it.  And nobody remembers this
move.  This has been like a movie.   That's
it.  All my videos, okay?  And
you love all my videos, you
watch them, you watch them in their entirety.  I mean, who the
[ __ ] do you think you are to say such a
thing, knowing that you yourself are
constantly ranting and saying terrible things about Fran?
What do you think?  That people are stupid,
that people don't think for themselves, that
people need Fran to come
and tell them what kind of person you
are to realize for themselves what kind of
person you are.  I mean,
we all know you're a piece of [ __ ]
.  It's a bag, huh?  That you are capable of
betraying the person closest to
you if necessary.  You were
Fran's friend and the moment you became
interested you started to talk [ __ ] about
him and on top of that you're going to end up hurt
because you keep attacking
everyone and the only thing this is going to bring you
is criminal consequences, as you're
already seeing, the first time you've
spoken and the first time it comes out in your
mouth.  But besides, well,
Chi started saying, like, eh, Fran
traded one parrot for another and all that
stuff, okay?  with the bad luck
that on that occasion the red one, and you know it,
got tangled in a net that
they have around there and they
brought it.  It was like December 7th or
December 6th, 7th, 8th,
they brought her here.  Very sick, very sick.
The next time you saw the red one, it
's not your red one, yes, it's not your red one because
the green one and the red one were raised here, not
with the person you said they were
raised with, no, they were raised here and there are
videos where I'm feeding them
baby food since they were little.  They grew up
here.  They were raised with me, not with you.  It
wasn't your red one, it was a bird that you
loved, that loved you very much.
That bird loved you very much, but you didn't
live here.  And in fact the accident
could have been the sixth, the seventh or the eighth.
So, Chi has also dramatized it.
I mean, I'm freaking out because I've seen
people like, uh, everyone for whatever reason,
like defending Chi from
absolutely everything.  I mean, I've seen
people saying that well, Chi,
the fact that Chi is a traitor, a
climber or whatever, doesn't mean
that his testimony is false or
that the things he's saying are
false.  So for those people I
wonder, uh, for those people who, I've
seen a lot of people, right?, on
Twitter, well, but yes, it could be this, it
could be that, but that doesn't mean
their story isn't real.  Oh, and what do you
think about Chí saying that I was talking in front of him
about a
confidentiality agreement with Dala and that I and
he, well, he assured it like that, he
assured it like that with those balls.  No, no, it's just
that Javi said in front of me that when his little
contract, which was about to
end, ended, he was going to open
Pandora's box or worse yet,
infect her, which is true, I hadn't
thought of that.  The thing about Plex, who started
saying that Plex was
putting Plex in a difficult position so
that now Dala, look,
Dala decides to respond to him or say
something to Plex, right?  When that kid doesn't
get involved in anything, okay?  and I take it and I know that
Plex when he left the room said,
"Goodbye Dallas."  If Plex doesn't stay in
the same room as me, he
never stayed.  If Dallas stayed where
Dallas stayed, it was in the room where
I stayed.  PL has not stopped there.
Please where you stayed on the
camp side or at the hotel.  It's true, I do
n't, I mean, the only one I've seen
in that room like that was Pablo Franco.  I
hadn't thought of that.  Yes, yes, with his But of
course, there are people giving
validity to Hombre, of course, that gives
validity to Chi la Sererlen, well I
understand, but that gives validity to, eh,
all the people I'm seeing on social media
giving it validity, I'm left, well, a
little, a little, a little dead.  From
December, the next time you
came here was in mid-January,
which doesn't mean that Fran hasn't
lied about things too and Adorne and
because you on the internet, okay?  And you are in
the media and this is how it is.  whether we like it more
or we like it less.  Later, if you want,
we can enter into the debate of, "Oh,
but if I created a
YouTube channel, I would tell the whole truth, everything,
everything, everything."  I would tell my
followers absolutely the whole truth
about my life.  Okay?  Yeah, I mean, let's
see, we don't tell the whole truth
about our real lives, okay?  And much
less when you're doing the kind
of entertainment Fran does.  I'm
putting back the audio I posted
at the beginning from Inco Sky, okay?
I think your opinion is very accurate.
I lost it here.  I've lost it.  Oh,
my WhatsApp this week makes me want to
cry when I see my WhatsApp this
week, man.  You know what? It
seems like there are a lot of
half-truths here, and they use them in the worst
and most disgusting way possible to say
that something is wrong.  For example, let's
imagine for a moment that Chispas's case
is real, that Chispas really
died.  What Chi said, right?  So,
why don't you tell us that Chispas died?  And Fran
Cuesta, what did he say?  that
Chispas left, didn't find any other
otters and left and left the sanctuary
and is now free.  Let's imagine that
what Chi says is true.  Let's imagine that
maybe Chispas left the sanctuary
or for some reason was outside or with
another animal inside the same sanctuary and
ended up dying because of a fight or because
an animal attacked him or whatever.  Is
n't it nicer, for example, to tell
your audience that, hey, you know what?  eh
Chispa left and left a kind of eh
noble story, right?, that Chí
is now free with others of his
litter or of his own species or something
like that, instead of telling a
crude, sad story and that obviously
his entire community of Fran Cuesta
who really loved Chispas so as not to
leave them a bad story, isn't it
nice to sweeten eh this type of events
that can be sad if you tell them
in a crude way?  and sweeten it up a little,
at least so that people leave
with a nice experience or a
nice memory, right?
I honestly don't understand that kind of thing,
why destroy the fantasy a little and
call this lying as if it were something
bad.  Absolutely no one tells the whole
truth on the internet.  Stop being so
indignant about the nonsense about whether Fran is
telling the whole truth or not telling the whole
truth.  Okay, surely everyone,
okay, all of us who are
dedicated to entertainment, yes
, many lies come to mind from
people, eh, all of us who are
dedicated to entertainment show
the episode of our life that we want to
show in public.  This is fiction.
Real life is something else.  I
tell and acknowledge real life to my
friends.  Now, another thing, I repeat it again
because of course, this doesn't
mean that lying is okay, that it is...
No, no, no.  Let's see, let's go.  It's another
thing if you come to me with a scam
or if lies are used to
hurt people, okay?  Or to
slander, to file a
false complaint, okay?  Especially for a
scam, right?  I mean, as long as you don't
use lies to scam
anyone, Fran has asked for money for some of
the things he makes up, I mean, he's
made up some cause with which he's
asked for money from people or people who
are members of Fran's channel or the, I don't
know, are members and so on because they
like that entertainment, okay?  Do you
believe everything you see on TV?  Do you
believe absolutely all the series,
movies, documentaries?  Do you believe
everything?  I ask, just yesterday
we were talking about this religion thing, right?
Now with all this about the Pope,
right?  There was a debate that I'm not going
to get into right now, okay?  There are
a lot of people here, aren't there?  A debate on
the topic of the Bible and the
metaphors of the Bible, right?  That if a
dove had gotten a
woman pregnant, right?  And Jesus Christ was born.  Well, there
are many things in life, aren't there?
And I think people stop to
get to a point to hear
Fran's version of the red, I think
that when people get to the internet,
okay?, well, what they want is this
type of content, eh, another thing is that
you want to
educate yourself or do something else, okay?  But
when you come to see animals at the
sanctuary and the
animal content, you come to learn about
animals, to relax, to feel peace,
right?  Just relax a bit, you're coming home
from work and all that stuff,
okay?  So when you come to me
with a scam that Fran committed,
then I will be disappointed.  In mid-
January, you have been telling a
romantic story that was your red, that was your
parrot, that was not your parrot.  You didn't feed her
, you didn't take care of her, you didn't
worry when they got lost, you didn't
often cure her when they were
sick, no, she wasn't your friend, she was
important, I'll emphasize it again, okay?
That these channels where Chi
is hanging around and giving these
interviews, right? They're
following this story because Chi is
fighting with Fran Cuesta and those
channels consider that in some way
attacking me, okay?  I find it
pathetic, but that's how they understand it,
okay?  If it were the other way around, man, they
would be telling you the same thing
I'm telling you, okay?  I mean, mm yes and
let's go and they're going to tell you suddenly
if you make peace with Fran.  Yeah, if
you suddenly make up with Fran and
you're even and all that stuff, which I
think is what you should do,
okay?  I don't know if it's completely broken
at this point, it's quite likely,
but hey, maybe in time,
okay?  But hey, at least stop,
right?  They're going to beat you up, they're going to beat you
up, and they're going to come after you and crush you, and they're
going to defame you, and they're going to slander you, and
all that stuff, just so you know,
okay?  Hm.  They're giving it to you
because they understand, they just
have a content, okay?  What the
[ __ ] is it, today I was at a lawsuit
preparing some things, timing some
things, man, and I'm like, look, without
revealing too many things so you guys
understand, okay?  Some of the captures
that I saw that I didn't even remember, okay?
That I didn't even remember.  I say, "My goodness,
love."  I mean, we here on the
main channel, look, today Trium called me
because we have to do a
live show with Miriam Moya, we have a
few pending issues that I've put
aside because I've
covered this topic almost every day, okay?  But I
have a lot of content, I mean, I make
a lot of content on a lot of topics, okay?
But these people don't want this topic to
ever end because they don't know how to make
other content and when this
topic ends, they'll cover something that has to do
with me and Dallas, with Pablo,
Fran, but with me and Dallas, with
Pablo and Fran it's because they are
with us, okay?  These are channels that are
this, man.  These are the channels.
Dallas, Javi, Dallas, Javi, Dallas,
Javi, Javi, Dallas.  Okay, I was
timing today for a lawsuit and it
was kind of mind-blowing, okay?  That is, full
persecution, full harassment.  Look, Dallas,
Dallas, Javi, Dallas, Dallas, Javi,
Javi, you know?  Okay, here he makes a video
about something else and Peter doesn't even watch it anymore,
okay?  I mean, then hm, they're just
following your lead, stop it because you
're giving them these interviews at the
moment that the moment you side
with Fran or make peace with
Fran or stop attacking Fran, if they
have to go and defame you, they're going to go and
defame you or take away the
interviews.
[Music]